why dont we ever hear about like, people robbing a drive thru wendys.
make flutes from my bones.
*looks around surreptitiously, opens trench coat* here’s the merchandise, what r u looking to spend.
The fEar.
dumbass dropped their phone in the tank at the octopus exhibit.
Dip the Tiny Wooden Skewer into the Goo Lump.
if i die tragically nobody better be telling reporters i had a “big heart” and “made people smile”.
oh and i definitely wasn’t active in the community.
The eulogy at Gaud’s funeral: they were active in the community, to everyone’s chagrin.
It got darker whenever they walked into a room.
They made people smile.. by force.
the embodiment of the weird look you get when you tell people you use tumblr.
artisanal shitposts, handcrafted.
1) i’m no longer melancholic 2) i’m not sure what i am.
someone in my inbox just pointed out most people’s forearms are the same length as their feet, so clown monsters should always have elongated arms.
Anatomically Correct Clown Skeleton.
The bumps in the skull were for the clown afros.
this is the only legal comment.
you can clearly see the nose was perfectly round.
fun fact clown noses are actually a separate parasitic organism clowns are extremely susceptible hosts precisely bc of the bone structure exhibited above.
draw the parasite nose.
i would be interested in seeing an artist’s take on clown nose anatomy.
now i’m crying for different reasons.
the fuck you mean asparagus grows like that.
Thanks, I hate it!
If these aren’t your two primary goals following a dramatic escape from a supermax prison— what are you even doing with your life?
“dramatic escape” that bitch literally just walked out.
HE SWAM ACROSS THE FUCKING OCEAN AS A DOG I THINK THAT QUALIFIES AS A DRAMATIC ESCAPE.
that bitch literally DOGGY PADDLED AWAY.
Azkaban designers: our guards cannot see and may not be able to hear but they can sense youw feewings.
harry potter but his scar is a Lichtenberg figure.
holy shit those mad bastards made a go kart fly.
it’s simplistic to say a unicorn would kill you by goring you w/ its horn, at the end of the day it’s just a pointy horse and would just as soon trample you to death.
this was a queue post from a month ago and Let Me Tell You re-reading it brought on a discomfiting moment of introspection.
bummed how unless i like, break into a museum and rub a moon rock all over my face, i’m probably never gonna find out if i’m allergic to moon dust.
moser lamps are awesome, they were invented in Brazil in 2002 in response to frequent power outages, using bottles of water & light refraction, these simple lamps provide electricity-free lighting during the day.
GAUD IMAGINE FILLING THEM WITH TINY AQUATIC GLOWING PLANTS AND WATCHING THOSE TINY BABIES GLOW AT NIGHT OVERHEAD AS YOU DRIFT OFF TO SLEEP.
EXACTLY WE NEED MORE SOLARPUNK FUCKERY LIKE THIS.
i know we talk about future anthropologists stumbling onto the remains of this shitshow of a website & that’s hilarious but i want u to know tumblr posts have 100% already showed up in university classrooms.
college students, give me your anecdotes.
*scuttling along your ceiling* u should relax more.
the ugly duckling but instead it’s an angry duckling who turns into an even angrier goose.
would u believe this is the 3rd time someone has asked me this week alone.
it shall be the undoing of us both.
tried it the FDA is still on my ass.
if u zoom into my pink rigatoni face u will see exactly the extent of my displeasure that people r trying to replace me w/ COMMONPLACE AFFORDABLE BATH PRODUCTS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN NOSFERATU WASN’T NAMED NOSFERATU.
DUDE I ONLY JUST FOUND OUT THAT THE SHARK’S NAME IS NOT JAWS.
loud noises when u have sensory processing issues is like russian roulette. maybe nothing will happen maybe you’ll spend the next hour sitting in a corner it’s a tossup.
a thing i like about humanity is their propensity for putting little hats on animals.
i need u to understand this made me so ridiculously happy that my face split in half in imitation of the actual art.
this is terrifying i Love them.
*chanting* yoga spider yoga spider yoga spider.
the void is pink and is actually a gaping maw.
my understanding of the good omens demon/angel is they were both v. mediocre at their jobs which is probs how they got put on earth to begin w/.
the “All the World’s A Stage” soliloquy contains the line “Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything” and we focus on the stage bit?
genuinely hurt & in distress no one’s tried to serve me poisoned wine in a trick goblet yet.
Maybe they have but you didnt drink it.
excuse me i have drunk EVERY goblet i’ve been offered, including many that i haven’t.
we have yet to find a poison that works.
*gaud curls around you like a long, soulless furby*.
Are you implying they usually have souls?
YES furbies have souls they STEAL them.
If it’s soulless, it must be starving.
10 points for Most Ominous Addition to this post.
Furbies aren’t dangerous if you offer someone else to them.
but then you run the risk they’ll learn your true name, after that you’ll never be free.
the Grinch and Shrek bonding over their mutual appreciation for onions and being green.
God I hate having a rare pair because there’s almost never ship art :( .
my sister’s getting married & i’m trying ta convince her to do this w/ her wedding dress.
